# FinalProject17
The name of my game is the Money Manager Money Game! The object of the game is for the player to become the CEO of the Money Manager Hedge Fund Company. You, the user, start as an Analyst and have to work your way up, by answering questions about certain investments correctly. The way this game will work is that each time the player makes the right decision (short, sell, buy, etc.), they will move on to the next question. Once they hit certain benchmarks, they get promoted. When the user messes up, it is up to the discretion of the CEO to fire th user, demote them, or give them another chance. In order for the user to get the best experience possible, they have to make sure type the correct word with the correct casing and be as smart as possible so they can become CEO! The game is definitely challenging because the stock market is random and the game is set up to be random in some cases, fair in others, and even unfair in other situtions, just like the stock market. While I wasn't able to completely replicate the stock market, the game uses if statements, for loops, while loops, input functions, print functions, dictionaries, and classes to make the user interface as friendly as possible, while also giving them a challenging game! Have fun!
For Loops and Random Integers- The following link helped me import the randint function properly and allowed me to randomize the results of the game a little bit: https://docs.python.org/2/library/random.html
While Loops- The following link helped me set up any while loops properly: https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/controlflow.html
Dictionaries-Helped me set up my dictionary and helped allowing me to print certain things, such as specific items, values, or keys:https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/datastructures.html
NOTE TO USER: The game is designed to be challenging and may even seem "unfair" in some circumstances, but that is the point of the game. The stock market is unpredictable, as well. That being said, please don't be discouraged if you can't beat the game on your first, second, or third try. Good luck!
